okay here we go you guys ready yeah
mm-hmm all right we've got liquid won't
want to on the show liquid won't -
where're you calling from
and what do you want to talk about okay
I mean I'm down to answer whatever
questions you guys want to talk about
wait here suppose you're supposed to
bring a taco yeah yeah what a tee
question okay well I should impact cost
is it true all right how did how did you
get him to turn down SKT that's the real
question you know yeah but okay yeah I
mean so so do you well let's let's talk
about maybe we'll ask general questions
because I'm sure your questions yeah
yeah go for it so Steve how nervous were
you or not nervous were you going into
the application process do you think
like all the teams that I mentioned
before like c9 TSMC og team liquid
they're all like yeah we got this we
know what riot wants or going in were
you like oh yeah I mean to be super
honest I was extremely nervous because
we had such a crap season in 2017 and I
had thought that riot might put an
emphasis on recent performance and
everybody always remembers what the last
taste in their mouth was right and that
ends up being the opinion of the the
current moment and for me I was like
this is the most important moment in
eSports history and we just shit the bed
in the season so I took it extremely
seriously
we as you know put like together a
pretty awesome application and you know
and I kind of went all out I arranged
all the proper financing so that we
could have the right kind of resources
going into 2018 yeah Travis did you
this is it's all the way up so we'll see
if Mike if you've heard of Steve if you
can be a little closer to the mic that
would be good too
so let's talk about yes that's less
Ritter let's hear how is the roster
stuff coming along I know you probably
can't tell us who's on the roster or
confirm any of the rumors out there but
how was the process what's it like
behind the scenes was it hectic you know
any of that stuff that you can give us
as an update as we eat girlie await the
unveiling of your your lineup yeah well
this offseason has been insane I think
more competitive than any other
offseason I've interacted with in the
last five years I think that was likely
due to the timing of all the new
organizations coming into LCS the
transfer window deadline and then free
agency happening kind of back to back to
back so it was extremely competitive and
it was actually surprising I I I won't
name any names but there were definitely
a few orgs that didn't know what the
fuck they were doing there like still
trying to figure out how to you know
there so it's interesting it's just you
know and I don't fault them for that you
know they're coming in or they're still
getting things ready and there's gonna
need some time to ramp up but yeah it
was across the board you know it's it's
been insanely competitive I've been
busting my ass on the phone for the last
month working everything out you keep
saying was which implies that like the
transfer sheet you know all that stuff
is done yeah like so sounds like you've
got you you're feeling pretty confident
and what you've got going yeah Travis
and I put out two videos on separate
sides of the idea of salary caps in the
league and Travis was for them I was for
them but much more hesitant in the sense
of like I wanted to wait awhile
before we start trying to do that and
then you supposedly through you know
rumors of course have been acquiring a
lot of players like far more than you
can obviously field and some people are
concerned that you know you're gonna try
and hoard a bunch of contracts and then
sell them off for more I want to give
you a chance potentially get ahead of
that rumor or maybe just say that's you
think that's the legitimate business
strategy that you're just implementing
in the ecosystem or something yeah well
the two parts of that
so first the salary caps and just my
philosophy on that I well in order for
salary caps to even be effective within
the right new Riot structure there has
to be CBA there has to be a players
association that is funded by the
players and not funded by a third party
and hopefully that happens really soon
and the players get their shit together
and decide to sell fund this and you
know combine their efforts for a really
healthy league on behalf of the players
interest but that's not happening yet so
the ability to introduce salary caps is
just impossible can i interject really
quick yep how long do you think it'll be
before that happens a rough guess
knowing talent in this spaces you do not
trying to lead you on your answer but I
would like to hear your honest opinion
on it and do you think it's good or bad
if they do or don't I think if they do
it it's fucking amazing because then
we're one step closer to being much more
like other professional sports and you
can't implement a draft system until
this happens you can't implement salary
caps until this happens so a lot of
additional content that would be really
fuckin awesome to see is not possible
because there's no players association
that's self-funded so I'm all for it I I
think it needs to happen as far as like
when it will happen
I think there just needs to be a few
players that really step up and just say
hey guys I'm gonna lead this I'm gonna
get this done take the initiative
and do it and hopefully you know I think
it'll be really dependent upon those
those individuals stepping up and
volunteering their time to get it done
so the second part of Mark's question
was basically like this new mean that
spawned out that's like you have now
acquired half the LCS and so and so well
I know you can't talk about who you've
acquired and whatever but should like
what would you say to fans that are
concerned that you it just seems like
team liquids like going around and like
purchasing everything they can yeah I
mean it definitely seems that way right
I think part of it is just the timing of
everything we had to execute a deal at
the time of the transfer window and that
starts on a certain date which was the
17th I believe and then free agency
opens up on the 20th and that's when
player contracts also expire under TL
for some players so we actually have to
sign players prior to releasing players
and then as you would imagine we want to
sign certain players before we release
other players that are in similar
positions right we don't want to trade a
player before we have a another player
that we're happy working with so because
of those conditions in this moment of
time in this window it's like you know
I'm playing Pokemon but like he's just
so PR so PR answer so if your answer
linear like yeah but I'm basically
playing Pokemon right now yeah but you
know for us
what's with I have always for the last
five years put player interests first
and you know any player that wants to
explore playing for another team if
we've got another starter you know I
definitely won't be working with them to
make sure that that happens so I mean
having worked with you obviously I know
you're a great guy you're not the kind
of person who would hold
contract hostage because some other team
is not paying you what you think that
player is exactly worth or something
like that but just generally do you
think this is a concerning business
practice that potentially someone could
sign you know three players at every
position or something like that this is
something that moving forward should be
maybe have some some rules against there
anything or do you think it's not really
a big deal at all no I think there
should be some rules on it to be a
hundred percent honest because if
someone took an approach and wasn't as
like I guess ethically minded or player
first like I am yes they could abuse the
system and so there needs to be a fix
for that yeah do you do you know what a
manga is did you yeah we're you your
acting is really good there are
definitely sub parts of that video art
Steve his acting was convincing to you
how I mean how did that video come about
because I actually think it was one of
the best announcement videos that we saw
on that day even if it got taken down
from write it like 10 times yeah it
actually never made it on reddit but why
get taken down from reddit lamont it's
not directly related to the legends or
something it oh my god are to be honest
you know and again because there's no
actually I messaged the mods and tried
to figure this out and they said because
there's memes in it oh it wouldn't allow
it
yeah low effort content producing an
entire video yeah you know lighting
multiple camera angles that's low effort
content right there so but what did you
how did you like what did you guys were
you trying to figure out what to do with
the amounts what video that you decided
to a video where you're trying to figure
out how to do the announcement video or
what how did that come about yeah so
actually the man behind all of this is
actually Josh our head analyst and he
just came up with it pitched it and and
him and Damian ran with it so he's got a
new job
well yeah no director of memes yeah do
we have any other questions for Steve
about this stuff I mean I don't I don't
know how much more we can ask them
because I assume he's not gonna be able
to talk about a lot of stuff but I have
one more sure Steve were there any
surprises for you in franchising for
teams who got in who didn't get in yes I
would say that immortals was was a
surprise for me just from the outside
looking in without knowing much of what
was going on okay do we want to ask
twitch chat if they have any questions
for I don't know if we want to ablate a
hole which is just gonna ask is
doublelift joining Team Liquid a bunch
of time so I don't I don't know how
helpful but if Twitter has any questions
all peruse it and see if one pops out
Steve is there anything you want to talk
about about yeah yeah I mean I travel I
had a question for you I just wanted to
know is there a way to sponsor the show
Steve there are I don't know if we're
currently accepting team sponsors
because it's a bit of work sound of
interest but yeah team liquid
hotline League brought to you by Steve
no that would be good but if anybody who
does a lot of spots to the show they
could definitely hit me up on my website
eighty questions coming in from twitch
at mark that you want to bring I think
there's one that I probably know if the
answer is but someone asked when do you
think I know you can't get into
specifics when do you think you'll be
able to begin revealing roster
information we will have a announcement
going live tomorrow ooh that's much
earlier than expecting that's a nice
exclusive for our show yeah all right
well that's it so someone clip it and
put it put it on twitch tag us a we
could we could retweet that that bomb
either way hey thanks for calling us
Steve it was nice to meet a big time I'm
sure it's been busy for you guys thank
you okay so you just dropped on us that
the in the roster announcements coming
out tomorrow well he said so I of an
announcement oh yeah no yeah totally not
the roster announcement could be any
announcer